WeChat, known as Weixin in china, is a mobile phone text and voice messaging communication service which is developed by Tencent on January 21, 2011. It is a instant messaging service for the intelligent terminal of free applications.

WeChat is becoming more and more popular all over the world .Users can download it across a variety of platforms including Android, iPhone, BlackBerry, Windows Phone, and Symbian. Within two years，WeChat has registered 200 million users . In order to provide users with better service, Tencent updated the WeChat version constantly these years.Up to now , WeChat is already one of the most popular chat applications which are used in mobile phones.WeChat is not only easy to use,but also offer people a convenient way to communicate with each other on the internet.People can use WeChat not only on the phone,but also on the computer.During the Spring Festival in 2015, WeChat combined all kinds of businesses launched a "wave red envelope" activities, which sent out more than 500 million cash bonus.The function “red envelope”is well received by the users.At the same time,Chinese people like WeChat all the more.

As we know, WeChat is definitely a wonderful invention that changed the world. As far as I am concerned, it is so easy to use WeChat. You can register WeChat with your phone number, and add your friends Number in your contact list, then you can start your conversation by tapping the voice button. It's using just like a interphone. In the second place, WeChat is powerful. It can send messages of voice, video, photo and text. Various informations could be sent to your friends, from which receivers could enjoy the best pleasure. In the third place, WeChat provide public platform, circle of friends, news feeds, and other functions, the user can through the "shake", "search number" and "near", qr code way add buddy and focus on the public platform. At the same time, WeChat share content with friends and share the contents of the user sees to WeChat circle of friends.After that,users can alse do business on the WeChat. WeChat is so easy to use that the app is popular with people at any age.People now always through WeChat to make new friends and learn new things by the WeChat public platform.

WeChat is becoming one of the first services of technology from China to promote the communication of worldwide people. It has 700 million registered users all over the world up to now. It is definitely a wonderful invention that changed our life style.I like the app because it is helpful to me,my parents,relatives,friends,teachers and classmates all use WeChat,I can know about their everyday life through this app.Even through I can not always stay with the people I loved ,I can chat with them on the WeChat,just like we are still together.This feeling becomes more and more intense after I was admitted to the university.Thanks to the WeChat,I can accept messages and send messages in time.

However, as a matter of fact, the disadvantages of WeChat could not be ignored. Firstly, many people spend too much time on WeChat and waste a lot of learning or working time. Secondly, there are so many advertisements on it and we have to glance over them.In addition, some functions of WeChat are related to trade and money,which may lead to crimes. If someone uses WeChat for online fraud,users will worsen their favorable impression on the app.Once users are cheated on WeChat, their money is hard to get back and the Tencent corporation is not going to undertake the due obligations.Therefore, I insist that we should make the best use of it, but we shouldn't spend too much time on it. Only in this way can we enjoy the app better.

  
